"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity." - Amelia Earhart
"Every strike brings me closer to the next home run." - Babe Ruth
"Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement." - W. Clement Stone
"Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being." - Kevin Kruse
"Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any." - Alice Walker
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"An unexamined life is not worth living." - Socrates
"Eighty percent of success is showing up." - Woody Allen
"Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life." - Steve Jobs
"Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is." - Vince Lombardi
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
"Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up." - Pablo Picasso
"You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore." - Christopher Columbus
"I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right." - Henry Ford
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing. That’s why we recommend it daily." - Zig Ziglar
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anaïs Nin
